# <Sarit>

Sarit is an educational content curator that provides an interface to gain knowledge through either third party videos or original blogs and videos.

## Features

1.Quizes under every video with questions generated by AI on important topics given in the video
2.A supercoin system that helps users to track progress and to get many rewards
3.Daily Target System that helps user keep motivated
4.Homework submission option under every video , evaluated by AI
5.Upvoting and Downvoting System, to monitor interest for Data collection which would help in Recommendation System and to 
  prevent clickbait videos
6.Patreons as the only source of monetization and usage of no ads to avoid distraction
7.An API integration system for a no-piracy agreement with other websites like youTube , Twitch etc.

## Why use this?

Sarit provides a wide range of study materials accessible through just a click. It includes no source of distraction for smooth studying sessions. It helps users gain knowledge and uses a recommendation system to provide the user with similar interests and collects data based on past video choices. Overall it is a very helpful website that creates a study-like environment for student but making it more fun with our supercoin system.

## Why we built this?

We felt as if this was the best topic to mak a project for because it would benefit us and our fellow university students to learn in a quicker and more fun way.

## Deployment instructions

we have provided with a figma presentation that consists of all the interfaces as well as a basic running HTML code for the website. 
(If you need to go bck to home page on the website,click on the logo)
optional: https://onecompiler.com/html/433jb32mt

## Extra information 

We have not included any premium services availed by paying money because we believe that education is free for all and everyone has the right to education.

contributed by
- [Ritulx](https://github.com/Ritulx)
- [DakshaBordekar](https://github.com/DakshaBordekar)

**[check us out on figma](https://www.figma.com/proto/4rzVBLKjXmRhBDZIZ2CpDw/Sarit?node-id=89-13&t=sHPgfzi5hW0QzbGT-0&scaling=scale-down&content-scaling=fixed&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=89%3A13&show-proto-sidebar=1)**